+  Pen Drive is very good in this budget, it works faster and no any problem yet, delivery was very fast.
+  SanDisk Cruzer Blade 16 GB Pen Drive is Good one for medium usage.... can buy ... Combo offers are also good.
-  The pen drive is cheap but the transfer rate is very slow. Sony, HP, Transcend are better brands comparatively.
+  Must have headset for Music lovers who wanna enjoy every bit of tune. Using this since last 5 months. Just can't live using this even for a day.After one weke of research on headphones finally I chose this model and I am right and lucky for my selection.This product is amazing! I love the product the sound is very clear. This product has a very stylish look and is not so expensive. THANK YOU flipkart for this AMAZING product
+  Very happy with this. Sound is clean..no noticeable distortions. An excellent product for the price. Most recommended in the price range.
+  Good deal for good price. Awesome sound quality. Flipkart delivery just perfect. Kudos guys Keep rocking.
-  Initially product works perfectly. Stopped working after 3 months. It's making additional noise. Called JBL service center it's telling - it's seller warrant. Something wrong with seller or product need to find the way to fix the same.
+  This is a great product.bang for the buck.amazing clarity and bass.battery life is also excellent and the sound fills the whole room .excellent and a must have product.
+  Amazing speakers with good sound quality and a really nice design to it. JBL speakers are no doubt the best. Love it.
+  Brought this product from Flipkart two weeks back!! and its working amazingly well....amazing sound quality!!...treble and bass too good!!....good packaging & speedy delivery from flipkart!!...really enjoying every bit of it!!
+  Good quality of sound. Worth spending 8200 you can purchase it blindly.
+  Bass is very good and Volume loud enough to fill a 20*20 Hall. There is a slight delay when connected in bluetooth mode. But, it doesnt make any difference.
+  Nice sound quality will full surround effect fill the whole room with sound. Proper bass effect can be heard. Must buy if if u love music...
+  Great sound quality.some time it produces bad result about the battery level.The battery status changes in asynchronous manner.
+  Overall the product is really awesome....it gives you the feel and experience of watching a movie in a mini home theater..bass is good, sound quality is excellent, product built is sturdy and battery power is decent....!! I would recommend this product given the price range...!!
+  This product stands up to its cost and the name that it has created. I loved it! If you're not very technical about sounds and want a speaker that provides you with good base and volume then this is the product for you!
+  Good sound and compact !! met expectations !! most easy to carry !! Loved it. and best deal when i compared to other major ecom sites in india.
+  quality product, great sound. good lasting battery life for the price point. very handy and stylish. hassle-free connection.
+  I have been using this product for quite a few days and haven't noticed any major flaw about the speaker, although battery life of the speaker could have been little better. Otherwise great product with this price range.
+  Great speaker........brilliant sound quality.Far better than sony pumpx which is of the same price.....i have used both of them and jbl is far betterrrrr............go for it
+  This JBL Flip II Cricket Wireless Portable Stereo Speaker is a very super & please provide us the low price jbl speaker for new purchase.
-  JBL does not offer warranty to any products bought online. Products bought from retail stores are covered in the warranty. Product is good.
+  I would completely refer the seller to anyone reading this. The product came as good as straight from the factory. Working well with all accessories intact. Happy with the buy.
+  here isn't a better and more efficient product than JBL flip2. Its value for money. Flipkart service was as usual very good. Product quality is awesome in design & sound.
-  here isn't a better and more efficient product than JBL flip2. Its value for money. Flipkart service was as usual very good. Product quality is awesome in design & sound.
-  One of the speakers have stopped working within 3 months......and I can't find a way to avail any warranty for repair or replacement!!!! Please help me Amazon ..& don't let me get disappointed over You.
+  Repeatedly I am saying Amazon is great.jbl t26C GOOD Headphone.I ordered same headphone 2 unit.I have jbl t150a and one jbl sync e10.I am great fan of JBL and AMAZON too.
-  It is the worst product of jbl I ever had...The jack is not good it always disconnect...It is a waste of money and it don't have bass poor quality of sound..... Assoff
+  Good set of headphones. Sound may not be that loud and fit is okay ( over the war headsetz are always a pain after sometime ). JBL quality ia always good indoors. Solves my purpose of listening to music or watching movies on the laptip
+  fantastic aapni dukan
+  awesome sound.....easily managable
+  Again a good product at moderate price.I like the the sound quality very much that too with bass. PAISA WASOOL Light weighted, easy to carry, stylish. There is need of improvement in long lasting. Anyone can purchase
-  My this product is some defect
-  Very poor quality product. Stopped working within 3 months of purchase and no warranty coverage. Please do not buy. Very disappointing.
+  Good Product!
-  BEST FOR YOUR MONEY, PAISA VASUL!!
+  The look and feel are the same as shown in the image. The Head phones are really good, just loving the experience of owning this JBL product
+  Good
+  Amazing performance
-  Sound quality is good, build quality is not that great, extended usage (more than a hour) is not comfortable, hurts ears.
+  Too good. JBL is JBL. Sound and everything worth it. Awesome product.
-  Giving problem , after daily use ..Sound quality is quite good
-  Look wise this headset is Awesome. As a bass lover i don't think it's giving good bass ...
-  Sound quality was good not great.STOPPED WORKING WITHIN JUST 5 MONTHS OF USE. DISAPPOINTED........
-  I bought this JBL headfone 3 months ago and as it was on a warranty period of 1 year, I thought it would be durable but to my shock the defects are seen early in 3 months.
+  Headphone bass quality is best in this price range.
-  Not a good product.
+  A good headphone. A Value for Money Product
+  Best product at that price
-  Left side speaker stopped working after 2 months of use
+  The base is really gud plus overall the effect s gud.
-  Average Sound Quality.....Not as i have expected from JBL
-  Super fine but carrying it has become headache.
+  Very handy for travelling. The sound matches JBL trademark quality. Real value for money
-  Sound quality not up to the mark
-  Stop working after 2 month
-  This si not good for ear..
-  One side Earphones not working, you are requested to replace at the earliest... Thanks
+  good sound quality and performance upto the mark.
-  Good but bass is not good
-  Wrost product by amazon frm day one pin of headfone is loose and it create a problem in clear sound
+  Just fab!!!!
-  Not worthy
-  nothing great about it,not worthy for this price
+  Good set of headphones. Sound may not be that loud and fit is okay ( over the war headsetz are always a pain after sometime ). JBL quality ia always good indoors. Solves my purpose of listening to music or watching movies on the laptip
+  Sound quality is good as compared to other headphones. Another advantage is, it is very light weight. Worth buying this product.
+  Love the sound quality
+  satisfied
+  Its very light weight, comfortable, its bass is awsome, and best thing is that you can wear it for long long time, it doesnot hurt at all. Happy to have it an this amazing price.
+  Very good
-  Please. Do not buy these earphones, the jack was faulty. And after about a month, the left earpiece has stopped working, the most common problem with most headphones/earphones. The amazon return window is over, I will be contacting JBL.
+  Product is okay. It's worth if you buy it for some 500-550 rupees.
+  Good it's met my expectation
+  its an awesome headset, one can feel the Crystal clear sound. Just own it and feel every sound
+  This is a good headphone .. serves the purpose very well.
+  These are one of the best headphones. They are cheap and is amazing. No doubt JBL is the best
-  One of the speakers have stopped working within 3 months......and I can't find a way to avail any warranty for repair or replacement!!!! Please help me Amazon ..& don't let me get disappointed over You.
+  Meets expectation
+  Awesome Product of JBL which i was referred by one friend.
+  Excellent sound
-  not much bass
+  Very Good.Thanks Seller.
-  bad
-  Sound quality is nice.... But after using 3 months...There is problem with its connector... So only one speaker is working...
+  Great finish and performance at this budget.
-  i ordered a new one plus x phone.the phone which i received has scratches on its corners which shows that it has been used very disappointed..
+  Nice
-  The charger given by the company has stopped working within 3 months only.
-  most heating problem and also battery backup is very low. Services are very poor by amazon.
+  Among one of the best phone. Really liked elegant and sleek design of the phone. performs really well while browsing, gaming and calling.I will suggest do not play games and make calls while charging because this heats up.
+  Just recived phone in 24 hours. phone is superb no problem with phone.
-  Phone is good but only one speaker is working?Even after i got replace another phone. Same problem? Why why why. .Can I know why only one speaker is working? And why another speaker is not working
-  This is worst phone..It does not supporting SD card.. Data are not going into SD card.
+  But there is issue with battery backup and heating problem.
+  Its a great phone!
+  nice
-  Bad battery backup, hangs alot Don't buy
+  Very stylish phone . . .love the design.
-  worst product. Worst customer service center in surat. Please don't buy. Amazon not providing any solution to the issue of customer. Heat is the biggest and worst problem for such problem. Don't buy it.
-  Heating problem, have you any solutions?
-  Using from last One month and battery back up and phone features are very nice. I Paid INR 16999 but now amazon is giving the same product at just 14999 . I am not very happy with this as I paid 2000 more. No headphones with this phone. Thank you :)
-  The charger is of very bad quality. I got the first one replaced since it got spoiled and the second one also stopped working.
+  One of the best everrr....
+  Awesome phone with great features.
-  Best in the range with awesome screen, looks, build quality and a decent camera.
+  Avg phone for normal usage. One plus one still is the best phone.....
+  Phone is good. Battery back up is good. There is no heating in phone. Good bargain for money.
+  Looking handy and easy to use. Nice to have such a good mobile
+  Do you want the best mobile which can let you compete with iPhone standards in terms of performance and Camera clarity - this is the device to go! and Amazon delivery is just top notch! Fantastic device - I have been using it for three months now and excellent performance and nothing to complaint. WAY TO GO!
-  This is not a dual sim mobile. If u use dual sim u have to depend on the phone memory for storage .only 10 GB internal memory available for us .we need it for app storage.so music n videos of our purpose should be very limited. Comparing to other mobile brands for the same cost they have dual sim + SD card option . so using dual sim in one plus ends in 0 expandable memory and struggle with internal memory.
+  My favourite...great quality.. Great features.. Best phone at this price ..also u get 2000 off on offers time..must buy for this range
-  The phone gets heated on use for even 1 hour. Leave the phone on charge and it gets heated Phone speakers does nt work properly. It's my even a month and I have to restart it to have speaker work. Waste product.
-  This Phone Battery backup is too bad.. While hearing songs nd using internet the battery starts draining.. We cant use Dual sim at a time with an external memory.. The style is good. Noo heating problem...
+  1. Beautiful .2. outdated hardware .3. half-baked software RESULT: Unfinished product that lost value in days
-  Dual sim or sd , only one to choose was bad. Huge price cut. Avoid buying this now. Outdated phone.
+  Excellent
+  Excellent product
-  Good phone.. Just few problems I hv faced that is auto restart, heating issues if over used and battery drains quickly .. Company should look on this minor problems... Mind blowing design
+  I would say handsome Beast .
-  It is an average phone and definitely not a value for money. In the price range  you can get a phone with better performance eg Moto X play etc...its battery drains very fast.
+  Good phone to buy
+  Superb
+  Although its looks are an iPhone rip off. Its amoled screen is an absolute beauty. Features same as one plus one.Except the camera which is mediocre.
+  I ordered this camera from flipkart and got it delivered in 2 days , all well packed brand new. This is possibly the best semi prof slr body. The kit lens is also reasonably good. The night photos are class leading , real gem of a camera.
+  One of the best cameras out there today. Takes photography to a new level of precision and beauty. A must have for any photographer amateur or pro ! I ordered it 2 days back and flipkart definitely lived up to its reputation.
+  I've started using the camera from day one. I was quite astonished by the quality of image from the camera. This camera is very user friendly and flexible to use. I highly recommend this DSLR for an enthusiast
+  I as a film maker was totally disappointed with the video quality of D90 but since the day I got D7000, believe me the video quality is just awesome. I have done many Ad/commercial films with D7000 for Cinema & TV. Even if you stretch its video from full HD 1920 to Cinema 2048 2K, it never pix-elates. Excellent Dynamic range :)
+  i am using D7000 for last one and half year and its superb in terms of image quality. the built quality is also class leading and more durable the entire feel of using the camera is very satisfactory. u can add 50mm and 70-300 to the company of 18-105 kit lens and it completes your camera kit with all possible opportunities of taking good photographs and develop your vision.
+  Excellent delivery service by Flipkart as usual. Excellent camera in its price category. Solid, rugged, weather sealed body with excellent performance.
+  I need not write a review for the camera since it thoroughly done by others...
+  Got this camera for the lowest price 53.4K which no one can offer in Bangalore. Even though the prices kept fluctuating I booked it when it was at its lowest price. Delivery and packing gets full marks.I need not write a review for the camera since it thoroughly done by others...
+  Very good grip in ears.. Name is enough.. JBL. Great earphones
+  Super meet my expectations
-  I am posting this review almost after half a year of usage. I was quite happy with the product initially. But gradually the sound quality decreased. I guess it happens with all the ear phones. But being a JBL product, six month is very less to be in this 'typical' earphone league. Expected it to last for at least a year.
+  For 890 rs this is the best headphone in market. I have tried skull candy , sony etc. JBL have balanced treble and bass. Best in class.
+  Received duplicate product. Guys please don't purchase
+  Its really good. If you are looking for bass then obviously you have to select this one. I had bought this after a long analysis and review. Go for it. Worth of money.
+  nice product...
+  quality product
+  It is very good ,sound clearity is awesome.
+  Excellent. just go for it without a second thought...
+  Value for money
+  Great to have earph like these... met my all expectations. Nice base.. good music and mic quality and amazing Amazon service
-  Worst Quality of Sound!! Not worth 1000 rupees. 200 rupees if worth the price. There's no BAss at all!! high level of treble and pathetic quality of sound!
-  not that great, sound quality is ok, microphone is not that good
+  JBL Name is sufficient, no need of description
-  Bad. Very bad. The treble is very low. And the bass amplification literally kills your ear drums on high volume sounds esp with EDM. Wiring quality is okay (delicate) but that does not make much of contribution if sound quality is considered. They are worse.
+  Best buy!
-  The sound quality is not smooth...Its unpleasant to hear music from this headphone. I read lot of reviews about having good bass and i like bass very much but the bass is too much I can't enjoy the bass or music. If you want to buy this headphone just check it with your friends who is already using it.
-  Fake product, cheap build quality. No bass no treble, a complete cheap 3rd rated product, definitely can't be a JBL product.
+  Must buy
+  Nice product for the price I got it for.. Good for regular use of talking on phone and listening to music.
+  amazing headset with awsome sound quality
+  Brought it 4 months back.....still doing well....sound quality is nice and clear
+  perfect earfones till now.... i bought this product in Jan, 2015 and now its march, 16 still awesome.... perfect build quality.....i accidentally washed them in washing machine earlier but still the same... love JBL
-  The Ear phones are really great but I use them for calls and whenever I use them, I can hear my own voice echoing. I thought it was a problem with the phone so I tried using with my other phone and same problem persisted. Now I can use them only for listening songs. The product other wise is great and delivery as always by amazon.... wonderful
-  Okay Okay. Sound was good but not great.
-  The earpiece is of poor quality...it's not at all worth paying...does not have good bass effects I also don't know the authenticity of the product..it looks like duplicate..
+  Very very nice
+  Good sound Good Bass Good Amazon delivery satisfaction
+  One awesome product.. which will you love it
-  Good bass headphone. Go for it if you want more bass and clarity compared to jbl t100a. Mic clarity not so good.
-  Not worth buying inferior quality
-  Sound quality not good as JBL name. Bass very poor.
+  Having using for past one and half year ..amazing sound good bass crystsl clear voice and noise cancallation
+  working fine.crisp and clear sound.
-  Damaged product received. Returned and waiting for refund.
-  Poor quality.. These headphones are fake .. Please don't buy
+  Very nice product at this price
-  I got duplicate product and its not even working.
-  Bakwas
+  Bass sound clarity good. U will sure rock while listening song
+  Very nice
+  JPL - earphone is excellent pc for smart phone.
-  Not compatible with Lumia device;!
+  Best ever earphones love it
+  Its really good & amazing bass..like it
+  Nice sound
+  Very nice product. Superb effect. Never expected this headphone will be that effective. Worth purchasing
+  Good product sound qulity is good
-  Nothing is special about this headphone. Its a normal headphone. Delivery was on time and the packaging was also good
+  Product arrived on time. It is worth paying. Clear and distinguishable sound
-  Average quality ..
+  Awesome sound quality. The wires are pretty sturdy and can stand rough use as well.
-  Clearity is good but was expecting higher bass. Price tag and labeled is not true based on the product though the product is made in China. I brought it for ₹899,but doesn't meet my expectations. This product could range between ₹400-600 only.
-  I bought this product after checking the reviews and specifications but sad to say I am totally disappointed with this product. It says that it has good bass but all I got is just flat sound with treble..... JBL is this cheap I never thought. Never go for this product if you want some bass....
-  The bass is not that good as it was mentioned in other reviews
+  Value for money.The output and the details are really worth listening.
+  It's Really cooool....
-  Not as per JBL standard. They wrote true bass in the product description but instead of bass i felt the treble was more. I would suggest to buy this product
+  Awesome Headphones.with PUREBASS. HEAR THE TRUTH
-  Plz guys dont buy this product....bcz this product is not genuine its first copy not original
-  Not a product worth for its price.
+  This earphones are the best affordable high Bass smooth audio earphones out there and JBL has done the amazing with these pair of rocking earphones.. Not possible to put on high volume though... But anyways it's Amazing.... I Love it.. I think you too will Love it.
+  woah these are awesome ! absolutely worth the price :)
-  Worse earphone i have ever bought!! Too much treble and hardly any bass at all. In fact it cannot even handle the sound when the volume is full on. The earphone i got with my samsung galaxy sounds far better than this. Sound qaulity is too bad!!
+  Product is very good
+  WORKING WELL WITH MOTOG2. GOOD BASS, BALENCED MUSIC AND PRODUCT QUALITY IS ALSO APPRECIABLE.LENGTH OF THE CABLE COULD HAVE BEEN SOME MORE INCHES EXTRA.(WHEN COMPARED TO Sennheiser CX275 I FEELS JBL T150 IS FAR BETTER....
+  Worth !!! Worth !!! Worth !!!!
+  awesome bass! and real music
+  Best sound ..just what I wanted Happy Amazon is superb...
-  Don't buy this resound occuring while listening..
+  Nice Quality sound. Nice Headphone!
+  "Paisa wasul product "
+  The best Earphone you can afford at this price.
+  JBL T150 A reproduce sound quality is very good. if u put it forcefully in to your ear, produce good amount of base also.
+  Nice product worth the price
+  Awsome
+  amazing Product .
+  Excellent earphones.... True bass.. Comfortable to use... Value for money
+  Love the mic...!
-  No sound quality. Used this earphone before at that time it was awesome but now jbl has degraded quality of product.
+  A possitive Impression left on the users.Well done.
+  Best sound system for ears.Its quality is best.Bass is nice.
+  True value for money is all I can say about it. I am happy with the product andwould recommend it to those who follow music...not just hear it. Excellent product. 3 Cheers!
+  Delivered within a day! Please buy it from FX audio. Let them burn in for an hour after opening the package.Better than any other earphones under 1000₹ Go for it
+  It has a very well balanced response. And bass is brilliantly heavy. The button can be a pain. Requiresa hard press to register. Mic is pretty good too. Go for it!
+  SUPERB EAR PHONE BY JBL..,WONDERFUL SOUND CLARITY&BASS..GOOD WIRE QUALITY..
-  It doesn't support one plus one. When used in laptop, there is background noise. Looks like I got a defect piece.
+  Very nice product by JBL, work very fine as it is meant to. I have purchased this headphone in lightning deal.Basically I was searching for the headphone which fulfill my both music as well talking needs and I must say this headphone met my expectation.
+  Excellent. My son loves it.
-  Best ever headphones with no headache or ear pain after listening to long periods of time. Bass gives you theatre experience
+  It was awesome....The clarity and Pure Bass effect is too good....... Its a good product by JBL for Music lovers..
+  Fantastic ear phones...crystal clear quality - both bass, treble, middle and lows. Love it. Just go for it.
+  Original product pure bass Sound quality is awesome
+  Awesome quality earphones....do buy, you won't regret
-  Not working properly
+  Awesome. Good sound clarity. Sturdy. Well worth it
-  Earphones sound quality is very good...but that switch sometimes doesn't responds fast.
-  This is dummy product.....waste of money to purchase this item...no bass...only stereo coming
+  Good one. Bass is really good. Have been using this for more than a month.No problems till now. Good sound quality. Happy to have it.
+  This is fine
-  Needs a little tweaking with the settings to get the best out of this headphone but not a big issue at this price point. Call quality is good too. A must buy...
+  Superb bass. Should be preferred for Trance music....
+  very gud sound..gt it at svn hd..in amazon..using it for sony xperia tipo and one plus x
+  Good earphone. Been using it for quite sometime now n it's working the same as day one
+  Great sound quality, very good bass and excellent comfort
-  Ok product for it's price, bass is good, treble is also good, overall good quality. Headphone wire tangles though, you have to be careful. Button for taking call and changing songs DOES NOT 'click', it's very soft, you won't know whether you have clicked it or not, you have to wait until phones response. Everything else is fine
+  Amazing sound quality..!!!! I loved it
-  There is absolutely no noise cancellation and is a huge disappointment being a JBL.. Its kinda too late to even return it.. Very bad experience.. skullcandy is much better!! Pls don buy it..
+  Best product at it's price. Excellent sound quality.
-  not better than skull candy ,deal price was okkk
+  Good earphones
+  Awesome earphone.
-  Its not that great if you expectation is much from jbl!
+  Worth the cash. Too bad lost it. The bass nd the clarity were good
+  I don't care what retards think about this headphone but I personally love this headphone . every thing is best in it . worth buying it . value for money
+  These are good earphones. Budget and value for money.
+  Higher bass is just awesome, but the lower bass is not that good but it is acceptable.Even though i lost it somewhere but it was a "paisa vasol" type of product.
-  needs time for it to sound better expect a two weeks of use for it to sound better than on opening the package
+  Really a good one.Sound clarity is very good.
+  As JBL is always best when it comes to sound. I bought this product with a discounted rateand extremely happy with the product.
-  Fake product. looks cheap and Sound is worst.
-  All good except Bass. Ear plugs helps noise cancellation
+  Nice product gives excellent music...
+  It is good. I have samsung Grand 2. It works just fine.
+  Very good product from JBL. Sound quality is very clear and very good. You can go for it
+  Working Good.
-  The meeting product worked fine bit the Mic stopped working in 2 months. Headphones one buys for 200-300 inr last longer one does not expect such poor performance by brand like JBL. These might be duplicate.
+  superb no words.. for jbl
+  It's awesome headphone.. Wow. U don't hear any sound from outside.. Even if u want to avoid anyone's gossip just plug in ur ear.. Good quality.. Jbl is awesome.. U can go for this headphone..
+  excellent product. i have been using for last two month and there is no problem everyone mustgo for it. value for money. must buy it.
+  Cool one...good performance is there...
+  Got it for 850 in an offer. The bass effect is amazing. Highly recommended for music lovers looking for a nice earphones for the above mentioned price.
+  Very good earphones wid good bass and superb sound clearity
+  JBL earphone are sound quality is so good ...
+  Perfect. No Complaints
+  Using it everyday with my Note 2 and BB Q10. Good quality output The chord length should have been longer, Value for money buy.
-  Automatically volume goes up and down . Sound quality is grt but volume problem is the reason behind 3 
+  Sound quality is best...bass is not much high but perfect balance of sound..value for money, I got it for 649..go for it
+  Bass very good.. very good product.. recommended for music lovers
+  nice sound in reasonable price....
+  Shifted from Sony extra bass earphones. Mic is plus point. Good for listening music for long duration as compared to Sony extra bass earphones
+  Haven't used much initial performance was good looks decent
-  its good for classical music but not bass lover........
-  Wire is of low quality. It tore off quickly near the mic and jack. Sound quality is also not upto the mark.
+  Nice job guys...
+  Awsoe earphone , unlike t100 the cod wire is more thicker and long lasting. Thanks to Amazon
+  sound quality is excellent
-  Sound Quality is poor
-  Not worth the price. Sound quality is not that extra ordinary great for the price. I would prefer to shell out some more bucks and go for the BOSE.
-  Its of full of bass.:  Pros :bass 9/10 ,Mic 8/10, Works well with 3d effect  Cons:Wire length short,only compatible with new jack.
-  Sound quality is not as good as one expect from brand like JBL. My earphone provided with apple is better.
+  I hv been using this headphones from 4 months nd this r jst amazing
+  Nice piece of earphones
+  The delievry is quick thank u amazon And the product is awesome we can hear each and every beat . . . .
+  Its a good quality earphones in 700rs. (I got them in a offer ;) ).perfect works in my xiaomi redmi 1s
+  When i saw the reviews at the time of buying this product, i was little confused because of some bad comments about this product...But when i used it ; this Headphone turned out to be Awesome.Deep Bass & Crystal Clear Sound quality with no volume Distortion.And also JBL comes with 1 Year Warranty so there's no Problem of Worry at all! ;-) Believe me You Will Not Regret it 
+  These feather light earphones are of amazing quality and u can hear every crisp of the music..I got for a whopping deal of 599.. Will never regret my first purchase of JBL headphones!!! U don own it.. U lose it.
-  Stops working after 2 months of usage with no physical signs of damange. And the return policy is applicable for only 1 month after purchase. Very crafty way of selling defective goods.Please refrain from purchasing this product
-  I had higher expectations from them considering they were jbl but not as great as my previous ones
-  One of the speakers have stopped working within 3 months......and I can't find a way to avail any warranty for repair or replacement!!!! Please help me Amazon ..& don't let me get disappointed over You.
+  Repeatedly I am saying Amazon is great.jbl t26C GOOD Headphone.I ordered same headphone 2 unit.I have jbl t150a and one jbl sync e10.I am great fan of JBL and AMAZON too.
-  It is the worst product of jbl I ever had... The jack is not good it always disconnect... It is a waste of money and it don't have bass poor quality of sound..... Assoff
+  Good set of headphones. Sound may not be that loud and fit is okay ( over the war headsetz are always a pain after sometime ). JBL quality ia always good indoors. Solves my purpose of listening to music or watching movies on the laptip
+  fantastic aapni dukan
+  awesome sound.....easily managable
+  Again a good product at moderate price.I like the the sound quality very much that too with bass. PAISA WASOOL Light weighted, easy to carry, stylish. There is need of improvement in long lasting. Anyone can purchase
-  My this product is some defect
-  Very poor quality product. Stopped working within 3 months of purchase and no warranty coverage. Please do not buy. Very disappointing.
+  BEST FOR YOUR MONEY, PAISA VASUL!!
+  The look and feel are the same as shown in the image. The Head phones are really good, just loving the experience of owning this JBL product
-  Sound quality is good, build quality is not that great, extended usage (more than a hour) is not comfortable, hurts ears.
+  Too good. JBL is JBL. Sound and everything worth it. Awesome product.
+  JBL only the name is enough..!! Built quality is also amazing like amazon nd superb product.. gold plated 3.5 mm audio jack gives a superb audio quality..! Nd the driver of the headphone are very great nd amazing...its gives superb bass quality bhoom Bhoom ....! In the this range such a good product ... nd service and customer service is very very good of amazon amazing service d amazing product .....! Cool
+  Giving problem , after daily use .. Sound quality is quite good
-  Look wise this headset is Awesome. As a bass lover i don't think it's giving good bass ...
-  Sound quality was good not great. STOPPED WORKING WITHIN JUST 5 MONTHS OF USE. DISAPPOINTED........
-  I bought this JBL headfone 3 months ago and as it was on a warranty period of 1 year ,I thought it would be durable but to my shock the defects are seen early in 3 months.
+  Headphone bass quality is best in this price range.
-  Not a good product.
+  A good headphone. A Value for Money Product.
+  Best product at that price
-  Left side speaker stopped working after 2 months of use.
+  The base is really gud plus overall the effect s gud.
-  Average Sound Quality.....Not as i have expected from JBL
-  Super fine but carrying it has become headache.
+  Very handy for travelling. The sound matches JBL trademark quality. Real value for money
-  Sound quality not up to the mark
-  Stop working after 2 month
-  This si not good for ear..
-  One side Earphones not working, you are requested to replace at the earliest... Thanks
+  good sound quality and performance upto the mark..
-  Good but bass is not good .
-  Wrost product by amazon frm day one pin of headfone is loose and it create a problem in clear sound
+  Just fab!!!!
-  Not worthy😑
-  nothing great about it,not worthy for this price
-  Good set of headphones. Sound may not be that loud and fit is okay ( over the war headsetz are always a pain after sometime ). JBL quality ia always good indoors. Solves my purpose of listening to music or watching movies on the laptip
+  Sound quality is good as compared to other headphones. Another advantage is, it is very light weight. Worth buying this product.
+  Love the sound quality
-  i already owned Sennheiser px 80 and i love them. I ordered this JBL T26C in a view that it will be very nice but the sound quality is not at all good. There is no proper bass in it.sound is crisp but if there is no bass then there is no use of headphone of company like JBL.
+  satisfied
+  Its very light weight, comfortable, its bass is awsome, and best thing is that you can wear it for long long time, it doesnot hurt at all. Happy to have it an this amazing price.
-  Please. Do not buy these earphones, the jack was faulty. And after about a month, the left earpiece has stopped working, the most common problem with most headphones/earphones. The amazon return window is over, I will be contacting JBL.
-  Product is okay. It's worth if you buy it for some 500-550 rupees.
+  Good it's met my expectation
+  its an awesome headset, one can feel the Crystal clear sound. Just own it and feel every sound
+  These are one of the best headphones. They are cheap and is amazing. No doubt JBL is the best
-  One of the speakers have stopped working within 3 months......and I can't find a way to avail any warranty for repair or replacement!!!! Please help me Amazon ..& don't let me get disappointed over You.
+  Meets expectation
+  Awesome Product of JBL which i was referred by one friend.
+  Very Good. Thanks Seller.
-  bad
-  Sound quality is nice.... But after using 3 months.... There is problem with its connector... So only one speaker is working..
+  Realy nice and bas
+  Awsome...but I thought sound is high but not..!! Normal sound..!! But I luv this..!!
+  GOOD POLICY.IT IS VERY EASY & SAFE RETUREN
+  My friends loved it a lot. It is more than what v expected. The sound system is really good. It is really a budget headset.
+  Super happy
+  superb amazing felling when listining
+  The Headphone is just WOW....Loved it
+  Superb quality noise
+  It's good. Sealed packing; had to crash open.
+  Its light weight and too gud for listening music while walking or travelling
+  Awsomee great have ever listen d sound quality THANKS JBL FOR MANUFACTURING THIS HEAD PHONEE
+  The headphone is very good .
+  worth for money
+  Worth buying it
-  Not so good sound effects, seems ok to me.
+  Worthy at this cost... However some times there is a chance of getting the defect pieces from JBL..I got the same and they replaced with the new new one
+  What a sound!! Ohhhh amazing
-  The product looking good, sound quality is OK but the beat lovers will be disappointed to use this.
+  Good One! Liked it! :)
+  Price worth....excellent audio quality
+  Best headphone in this price. Go for it without any doubt. I am using this for like 2 months and there is no problem. Worth of month.
+  Great sound. Nice and original product. No fake. Awsum
+  Awesome sound
-  A worthless piece of junk won't work after 1 month of usage.Don't waste your money on this piece of crap
+  Awsome product... superb clarity... bass is also very good... very good in d range of 800..
-  i bought it three months ago..one side of headphone is not working..warrenty issue...
-  Bought these for Rs.600 so found it worth. These are not noise-cancellation headphones. The problem with these headphones is one cannot wear it for a long time. It is worth buying if it is cheap.
+  Superb hearing sound at reasonable price
-  Product is good but head phn size is small as per image sample.
-  I expected a better base out of it. But I guess for that price tag that will have to do. Overall I will be happy using it but will not recommend to a friend.
+  Good Head Set. Priced reasonably.
+  Awesome Sound With light weight... Best Product by JBL
-  not expected bass,as money
-  Horrible...ordered these headphones and they turned out defective. This happened 3 times. I recommend not to purchase this product
+  Very nice product, Thanks a lot all of u amazon team
+  Product is very good worth to 799/-...you are listening addicted in day with 2 to 3 hrs this product is reliable for you..... and Amazon have tremendous service I got my head phone wire crush in 2 months than amazon replace peace to peace replacement....thnaks amazon
+  Excellent
-  It worked beautifully in the initial month but it slowly started screwing up piece by piece. First on my phone the right portion stopped working unless you forced it and held it in that position, then both unless it is in the very right position. Now it stopped working on my laptop as well and is completely screwed despite me maintaining it top notch day in and day out.. Looks like I just missed the return date by some days. Do NOT buy this headphone by any means! Without a doubt the most disappointing purchase I have EVER made from Amazon. Don't be fooled by the brand name and end up shelling out so much money. Might as well by cheap earphones if you want something that lasts for limited time. But I cannot emphasise enough when I say DO NOT by any means purchase this!
+  Value for money product, nice sound quality
+  Sound Good I purchase first Time on Amazon. Looking Nice and Great Graphic of outlay, all i can say it's Awesome..!
-  I had more expectations from this one. The sound quality and bass is good, but not as good as I would have expected a JBL to give me. I like it but can't say I love it. I got it at a good price so it was surely worth the money I spent.
+  Excellent product and delivery.
-  Sound comes out of the headset. Bass effect is not up to the mark.
-  Bought it for around 500 bucks and its worth the price considering the face I hate in ear headphones
+  Sound quality is good.
-  Speakers gets heat up when listened continuously for more than 15 minutes.Ears start paining.Need to remove it frequently at certain intervals.
+  My friend loved this . .Thank you JBL and Amazon 
-  No effect Not feeling original
+  Amzing..good sound quality and good packing. loving it.
+  Worthy
-  Stops working after 2 months of usage with no physical signs of damange. And the return policy is applicable for only 1 month after purchase. Very crafty way of selling defective goods. Please refrain from purchasing this product
-  Seems to be very good. But it is as much as bad as dunk.It seems to be as all that glitters is not gold.It should not cost more than 100. Its a very bad and local quality.
+  Bass is moderate. But sound quality awesome and very reliable for ears..
+  Nice as expected
+  I like them very much because it is very light wait, best headphones for travelers, easy to carry and very effective sound as well. I recommended this for everyone who are looking for good in light weight. Keep it up JBL
+  Good at this price !!!
+  its good ,thanku Amazon.
-  Have expected alot but it is quiet opposite to my expectations. If u r listening in morethan 60% volume then u gonna disturb every body else around with the noise. It leaks sound like alot. It is just too loud and doesn't have quality output. its better go for some other brand spending few more bucks
+  it was amazing product......
+  good ear phone
+  I just luv d bass wuuup....diz is wt I was finding for jbl u d best
-  Not so good felling in bass
+  The JBL on ear headphones I bought from amazon was excellent in terms of quality, sound, finishing and everything. Amazon is trustworthy and has the best products as it was expected to be. Had a great shopping this time.
-  very very bad product,it got damaged after the use of one month,they dont even replace the product,made the biggest mistake
+  i order it for my dad, He like it very much... clarity is good.
+  Amazing....Amazon
+  good buy!! go for it... I got it during sale.
+  sound is good but fitting of headphone is ok overall good product jbl is jbl
-  Jbl headphones were damaged but it have 1 year warranty
+  very good sound ,bass,deapth and everything is very good , 4 starts because they did not gave replacement sponge for ear pieces !! pls JBL supply those too cuz that sponge material will tear in months of use !!
+  Good headphone with awesome clarity
+  Excellent product by JBL. It meets my requirements. It is very comfortable and light weight. Bass is also good. The only cons is the wire length. The 1.2m cord is too short but besides that it is a great product by Amazon. It was delivered before time and in good condition. I recommend this product!
+  nice quality trusted piece
-  it was okay
-  The wire is too weak came off too easily
+  Very good quality product
-  For this price range, JBL tried to do its best. Sleek design, but not noise cancellation
+  Nice product in this price tag(789). overall happy.
-  lovely product but dont working phone calls
-  Very pathetic, I have purchased this headphone but sometime it one part of sound is not working, may I know about it's warranty and service centre.. Very pathetic
+  fulfilled my expectations.....
-  it's not properly work in pc it's good for mobile device
+  a good quality headset, i almost use daily.
+  Nice product
-  Product is not so amazing, spend few more if you want a better sound quality but worth for this amount.
+  Awesome headphone!
-  Working really well . BUT DELIVERY WAS REALLY SLOW .
-  Sound quality is awesome bt There's wire were easily collapsed without my fault n there's wiring is non replaceable n non solderable so that's not gud experience for me
+  was better then i expected
+  Simply Awesome..
+  It is very good
+  Great headphones.Light and powerful
+  I love so much
-  Product is good but after some days it is not working..
-  Not as expected
-  This particular headphone deserves only three stars keeping in view the sound quality observed on my mobiles. Delivery by Amazon was well before expected deivery time. Manufacturer's packing was good as compared to the outer packing of Amazon.Those who want good quality of sound may opt for slightly higher value headphone of JBL which I think will definitely perform better.
+  Nice sound. Worth the money
-  Within a month one of the speakers became useless and now today another one is also gone... And they have 6 months warranty.. Now they are not replacing it..what should I do
+  The headphones are extremely lightweight with great sound quality. Really a steal at Rs. 500
+  This product is superb
+  Product is good
+  i love the way it looks it is portable and it comforts my ears and maintains correct base. my friends are asking me buy this product for them
+  Best price. Good sound quality. Fast home delivery. Don't confuse buy it. It is nice product.
+  Great headphones with great sound..
-  Sound quality is not I expected
-  Bass is not upto the mark ...
+  Nice Headphone at good price.
+  It was delivered on time. The sound quality is above average. Even though it's JBL, do not expect too much since the price is below 1k (so accept the sound quality) Best price for this segment. And yes it's JBL, you can put it with a chin up and boldly anywhere.
-  Conked off in the first month of purchase. Extremely disappointed
+  Amazing. They are slim, adjustable.Good sound quality...Loving the product.
-  Not up to expectAtions
+  This is awesome product with this price I got it in 2 days amazing delivery by amazon. Sound and bass is really nice Go for it if you are looking for budget headphone. Love you JBL
+  Excellent Performance
+  Best quality & awesome discount
-  Nice quality as expected by jbl but can be made better by adding microphone
+  I purchased it for 700 and I don't have any problem with this headphone, sound clarity is superb but bass is not up to mark as I expected still it is one good worth for money for starting users or one who doesn't hears music always but use occasionally this one is perfect go for it
-  good quality only on laptop, otherwise phone's also basic quality
+  its amazingggggggg, good sound quality, good bass, good trible
-  Sound clarity is good but bass effect is not strong..bit disappointed..amazon delivery was very prompt.
+  Fantastic product.... original JBL Headphone. Sound good. Looking style is better. Price is also better than any other website.
+  Such a fantastic experience i ever had been used....
-  not worrking properly after sometime and the major issue is sound leak.
-  The sound quality is simply superb. Guys go for it !
+  I was confused at the time i was about to buy them ..but now i feel i invested in something very good ...awesome bass , awesome sound quality in this price ...music lover must own jbl for once !
+  Sound is UNBELIEVABLE...
+  Perfect headphone of jbl. Sound quality is too good.
-  Very light weighted.. Looks fragile.. Feels fragile.. Definitely quality is good.. But it is not worth anything more than Rs600... Original price is more than 1.5K which is unacceptable
-  Not the expected quality. Seriously doubt the originality of the product.
+  Good quality earphones at affordble price.
+  Excellent headphones superb sound clarity.
+  Its Worth at 599, gud Sound
-  Waste product.... Low audio quality !! And my hairs struck in it don't buy this product!! And I am unable to return.
+  It is awesome and mindblowing... And really JBL is very good brand with full product satisfaction... You must go for it..
+  Good speakers though I realized later, that I wanted the ones which enclose the ears.
-  The product is totally satisfying it exactly as shown in the picture, the sound clarity is good really good product at its affordable rate ,the only problem is that it is smaller than shown in the picture other than that no problem
-  Service is good But the product was OK.
-  I had purchased it on 27 October 2015. and now it's speaker is not working good. So i would suggest you please don't purchased it.
+  this headphone is the best headphone in this price .
+  awsme headphone....hd qaulity sound.......
-  the product was a fake one.dissapointed
-  Very nice product...but low sound..nice clarit
+  The piece has functioned well so far. Worth the cost.
+  Great deal! nice speakers for I-phone or to monitor sound.
+  Very happy with the Product quality & really appreciate the quick delivery. Thanks
-  sound clarity has very poor..
-  The product worked for about two weeks and is now a piece of junk...just stopped working one evening when it was plugged in...I had got it as a gift for my son. I have had a great experience with all products I have purchased over the years, here in India and abroad, but this incident left a sour taste. Any chances of getting it repaired? I am ok to pay for the same
+  I never keep this down. It is really smooth and of great quality. Love it.
+  Very good product for the price range.
+  Good headset and worth the price
-  Here is something that u will never regret buying it is just so awesome and great. Bass is also quite acceptable. I mean come on look at the price. Just no complain though microphone would have been good but this is mainly for your music needs but still is ok.
+  It has very good sound quality. It is the best in this price segment.
+  Nice headphone and if it's Jbl . And at this price it worth a lots .
+  Awesome Product ,Clear Sound.
+  Awsum headphones value for money..
+  Assume headphone beats are best Superior bass and sound quality
+  I had received this product today. It is very good product from jbl. I just want to know that Is there any warranty on this product???
-  Bought it expecting a lot.. but bass is not as much as i expected..
-  The headphone is not working at all..
-  can't use for more than 20 minutes as it good on ears.. gives irritation... no proper cushioning
-  Very late delivery... But nice product...
+  The best head phones ever and it was as never expected . Astonishing sound quality and bass . Works so good with xiom i phones and as always the packaging of amazon is wonderful 
+  Product is good. As always Amazon service is Awesome!!
-  When i brought it Its working good But suddenly when i plug in Its only playing music, voice is not coming How can i make solution with this problem Plz tell me where i can approach
+  Sexy Bass....Gives Accurate treble...never disappointed me......best recommended for Xiaomi Phones
+  Excellent, well balanced sound, and very comfortable to wear. This was a gift for my brother, he loves it.
+  awesome headphone. my wife simply loves it and highly recommends this jbl product. awesome experience and the sound quality is mind-blowing.
-  Its gets loosened but sound quality is excellent.
+  Cute lil headphone. Jus loved it. Fit perfectly on my ears.
-  Jack is giving a lot of trouble.. Instead go and buy another product..feeling cheated
+  JBL is always rocks don't think about sound quality cause its JBL go for it
-  Good product but not as JBL standard.
+  It's truly amazing. For one who loves music JbL is the ideal product.
+  JBL one of the best in Headsets... got good offer in black color easy pickings
-  When the volume is so high the voice is coming out of it and other person sitting beside you can also the complete volume.......
-  Not fully satisfied as the bass is not up to the mark.
-  after a month one Sunday morning one end of ur headphone will stop working
+  Excellent speaker with high bass value for money
+  I got this from Amazon in just Rs 649. Good sound quality, light weight and durable.
+  Excellent product by Amazon... I got this for just 549... I'm very happy with this price... awesome packing... tnq Amazon and JUL
-  disgusting!
+  Good sound, best in the price range.
-  Ok ....not that much. what I expected.... Bass effect not reached my expectations... Over all good in that rate.... Other wise don't waste money
+  the sound quality is just too good.
+  Jbl just be long itz really a kool headfones
-  I fully satisfied with this product but continuous (3hrs) hearing causes some ear pain exept this it is simply awesome
-  I read the reviews before buying it and most of them were saying that ignore the bad comments and it has awesome bass and sound.And when i recieved it.It is just crap.No bass not even little sound is so low.I have already applied for return.Seriously Dont Buy this go for philips shl3000 far better than this
+  thanks amazon for the lovely experience...nice product, great sound
-  Headphone pins don't fit properly in iPhone as well as Nokia means while activity you will have to keep plugging it back into jack Sound is below par then iPhone original earplugs and some other not so happening brands. Expected an amazing stuff given the fact it's Mrp is 2000 range And it's jbl.
+  Simply awesome.. Superb effect n ain't affecting the ears too very happy..
-  sound and bass Quality not meet expectation
+  Excellent at this price range (got for an offer price of 549)...won't get a better one...Sound is very clear, Vocals were quite crisp letting you hear every bit...but listening at full volume, it shows some distortion, that can be compromised though...550 Bucks, you wont get any better stuff than this
+ It fulfills my expectation, the bass and the audio quality was so good.
- i got this problem...waste of my money to purchase the branded one.
+ I would say Value for money in this range you cant expect better than this. Would recommend in my friends also. You can use it as daily wear.
- Hmmmm wt to say everytime. Bcoz of these shoes i m getting pain in my leg. Not comfortable not perfectly sized.
+ Super look and very good Product.can be used for day to usage
- Finishing not so fine. The shoe looks classy and hardy, in the picture, but in reality, its not even better than the ones you get from Footpath.
+ Very smooth and comfortable. Smooth from inside and looks very nice if wear.
+ Very good delivery & its comfortable to wear. Its same as in the image.
+ Good product..recommend everyone to go for this.. For the price the shoe is really worth.
+ One of the best shoes very comfortable and styles at this price.
+ i would say its really light and comfortable and stylish.
- Bad quality .Not looking like image.I think price is high.
- I brought these shoes looking into the reviews of previous buyers but these are totally not worth it.
- It is Waste product. Showing offer actual price is dummy. Quality is quality less.
- Out look of the head phone is very nice. As it contains zip, bcz of that it's little heavier and not fit to the ear properly.
+ Super quality and excellent design and Sound system is awesome. really it double worthable product.
- Everything is perfect except for the fact that it really hurts when you keep it on for around 30 mins.
- i ordered this Tablet last week. received on 17/02/2016 just using 1hr then charging.
- Battery backup is not good. 2 hour only in 1st day. Screen resolution and camera is not good quality.
- Battery has some issue, otherwise its worth buying. U will get a battery back up of 2 and half hours only, if you watch videos.
+ I ordered this tablet from This seller(Allcall) it is worth buying.The Box was in perfect Condition and the battery back up of the product is very Good.
- This product is really worth of money but few things which will make you really regret 
+ I want smart phone in which I can use internet ,Play video in middle range that can also give fun to my daughter.
- good bt sometimes hug this is not hd display only vga display over all this amount u get this type only.
+ Amazing product.I bought it for my 4 year old son & it works properly.
- Features normal but quality issues
+ Awesome product from iball
- It fell on ground within a week of purchase,and display glass full broke in to pieces.
- Pls don't buy micromax mobiles. Micromax mobiles life time only 1.5 years in my experience
- good tab for low price.
+ I am using these headphones from a long time. I have used lot of headphones but I always end up buying these headphone. 
- Great Sound for this price , But hurts a lot.
- Not so good quality.
- very reasonable in cost yet all the desired features are available.
+ Stylish boots  thanks for the product in such a low price.
- these are not leather shoes!!! its brown comes out like very thin layers when u hit something.. very disappointed.
- I got used product,ear phones are not available in the box,camera is very very very bad,pls don't go through dis product.
+ this is really great product at 2999 price with guard, display sound quality are great, the only problem i observed is average battery.
+ Excellent tab for kids.Permissions and performance really surprised. i did not expect such quality. 
+ Its really so good product for using childs and it can also use everybody.
+ what a greatest tab very nice this tab is very fastest and great rate very good tab for kids buy this and enjoy.
+ Really its a great product in this price. Nicely packed and got all accessories mentioned by site
- Works but the scroll wheel is flimsy and sometimes does'nt work. As for the other buttons, they are good but kind of weak.
- Just got its delivery today. It has got good looks, nice grip and woks fine for my windows 10 laptop. Not bad for the given price!
- i have bought this mouse and believe its chord is very small. you cannot connect it to your desktop. You cannot even replace it.
- Not working as expected, waste of time. Better we go for the branded mouse instead of this low price product.
- I had same mouse of Index brand before thought both are same but this needs a pad or paper to make the pointer move on the screen. Next time go for branded one.
+ It was very useful one and good one for the price it was very useful one. Cost effective.overall my experience is good with this mouse.
+ Its a good product and got delivery on time.A light blinks when u touch the mouse and works very smooth.
- Waste product scroll not working it takes 10 days to deliver.Not worthy to buy.
- Wired Mouse good one handy strong liable smooth faster solid product and i had used this similar.
- Leave about the genuine leather its not even having good quality plastic..getting plastic Tyre smell from the belt.
- Never buy this product,not even to write the review and dumb product at all
- what you see in the picture of belt ,buckle seems too good but when i ordered ,i received a different belt and strange thing was buckle of belt was totally different.
- The quality was not so good. Did not receive the product in time. Had to call customer care to send the second belt.
- Average Product, not like the branded but wearable. Color is good, lets see if it is durable after long time.
- Would have given a zero but it is not there in options . Product is a third grade material send which does not have any resemblance to the pic shown.
+ Got the wallet in time thank you flipkart.coming to the the wallet it is very comfortable,enough space is available to accommodate currencies.
- i ordered a '8' size shoe...but was delivered 7 size shoe the product quality is nice but cannot wear it that brings to the conclusion never buy a shoe online
+ Good..and comfortable... 5/5..should recommend this to Everyone..
- the product is slightly small. I normally wear size 9, but to be on safe side, i ordered 10. This too is slightly small.
- No, it's not good for jogging.. I was purchased for the same purpose but shoes is not manufactured for this purpose it create pain in legs nd not comfortable.. 
+ I ordered 9 no shoes for me.when I get these shoes found small size but fitted in my small brother legs. He is so happy.
+ Giving 4 stars for look and and light weight of these shoes. Its feels good to wear this. Colors are graceful. Only thing i missed was the fancy touch of material, but its not issue to reject this beutiful piece
- Ofcourse product is very good, but disappointed by size variation. It should sort it well. Accurate size doesn't fit, but one should order +1 size of their foot
- I really really hate it like hell.... The worst product in my life i have ever seen not only in online purchase but offline purchase too...
- worst shoes i have ever seen
- Poor quality, one time use product..
- don,t buy the worst shoes i have ever bought
+ This is a good product! Value for money
+ Not bad ..value for money product
- Well .. but it was not enough as expected.
+ This is a great product for this price. I havent started using and so I cant say about how long its gonna last but what I cans say is it looks like what it is in the picture, the size is correct and its good for its price.
+ Price vice good but not excellent product . I think shipping charges r more.
+ The look and feel is very good. The inside foot pad came off in 2 weeks but that can fixed easily with instant adhesive. 
- the quality of this product is too cheap. Please don"t buy at all. even the brand name is also different. earton to wisher.
- Third class quality & size. It's not even worth Rs. 100.vivaan international, new Delhi is selling such hopeless products. Plz don't buy. 
- I ordered for size 8 UK but I got a bigger size than that..and surprisingly they removed the size number written on the shoe. Not at all happy with this kind of service.
- I like it very much. It's has style, comfort, flexibility, durability, etc... And also pocket friendly too.. So fit it guys... This brand is going somewhere someday..
+ Nice according to the price .... same product is availabe in market neat about 500-750.
+ Superb shoes. The delivery charges are way to high.
+ Again and again...overall good and satisfactory experience from amazon and also from this seller. 
+ The product is really good at this price.Product finishing is nice.bt i have to return this product as i ordered big size by mistakly.yaa there is no discount for this product bt the home delivery is free so u can go for this
+ When got at this price....nothing to be shamed about....best shoes i could ge.
- This is a good shoe. It's not a sports shoe. It's back is soo high dat u can not even bend your legs down wards. I returned it. They refunded. 
+ The shoe is good looking and comfortable.
- Yukk! That's the word. This is the first time when I have received a product of such low and cheap quality in a online purchase across the market. Awfull.
- The quality was awfull.. No where near of what it was shown in the picture. I wanted to replace those but had no time for it. That's all thankyou.
- The product was of inferior quality.The top layer of the insole started peeling off from day 1.The solvent used was inferior.
- Extremely poor quality. Shoes not as displayed. Will not buy again from this provider.
- This OK , kind of product, But with good Amazon packaging. sizes are not of standard scale some sizes( 8 in my case) is loosely fits
- The shoes are best as of the cost and quality is concerned. Amazon always rocks. The product arrived very fast and also on the given delivery date. The product is very good.
+ Trendy design and comfortable to wear on any short trip. but the white color sole inside the shoe has come out after the first use. 
+ it is nice at this cost,u can use occasionally..they are not for regular use.
+ simply awesome for this price and looks good. good quality of material used and looks really good ..my opinion is go for it.
- Quality of this shoe item is very very cheap, also delivered item was defective one. I have given 1 star for good packaging and smooth delivery.
- Not good....design is faltu.....or rating isliye diya denna padda jabardasti...
- these shoes are worst product i ever buy.they had broken in two days only.
- Not good in quality. Not even last for 4 months though was not used for more than 3 times.
- Good product n quality in budget price! received earlier than delivery date.
- Useless product I just wear it 2 days it damaged worst product ever and and and I ordered brown it reached black to me.
- Quality is dull Wore shoes for the 2nd time and a pin has come out hurting the foot.
- The product is not the same as it is displayed in screen.
- Wud not even give 1 star, Quality sucks and using for jst 2 days a pin started hurting my foot keep away frm this product trust me don't waste your money on this crap.
- This shoes don't Long lasting.., Damge whitin 2months
- One of d shoe ws defected......as when I wore it.....its thread started comming out .......n this ws on other side of shoe as well......so kindly se before u sell.
- product got damaged while trying only...it's not even use n throw product... bt happy with the amazon service
- Size is correct but comparing to other Shoe like UK 6, this products is little bit smaller.
+ amazing watch with good quality. a complete value for money product.
+ Its a very good watch but ther is one problem that the buckles of the watch tear off very quickly... otherwise its a very good watch work perfectly.
- Poor Material , shape change in just two days,
- Third class in quality .offensive smell which spoil your foot.material is fragile, 1 time use and throw in dustbin..... Yaakkkk....
- Piece of s*** total money and time waste only brand name was good...looking like piece of crap..
+ Good product good quality.
- Very poor quality of a product. Does not expect such type of awful quality product from amazon. Such experience does harm the prestige of producer as well as AMAZON.
- It was not that good as its shown in the picture... So I returned it.thanks to Amazon for quick return policy .will buy a branded Lee cooper instead such shoes at least will get quality.
- It's not rosso Italiano. The stamp on the shoes name as Reebaas.
- This type product not match for rate.and shipping charges very toooo much .sorry i can not gives stars.
- The product is very good....just loved it..thank you Amazon.in....I'm very happy with your service...thanks to all of you..
- It doesn't matter what colour you choose whether blue or black, the order would be taken by the name Essence Men's Black Synthetic Casual Shoes' and probably you too will get the black one. If you want the blue one, it might be dissapointing.
+ Nice looking and product quality. Although it is Comfortable but it is quite tight that I received. I ordered a shoes sized 9 and 9 is perfectly fits me but it is tightly fits.
- Very bad quality shoes.Shoes are torn at the edge on arrival. Havent even worn it once.Also labels on the shoe are printed upside down.
- Waste product I can get it for 200 in market . The shoes are unfinished . It looks good in pic but after delivery it's worse .
- there was a manufacturing defect in the shoe, there was a nail out of the ineer sole.... and for that too i have to take the pain of goin to courier and returning it back,
- Shoes looks good in picture only.. material is worst.. the sole cover comes out along with your feet on the first use only.. finishing is not good...
- I strongly recommend this product with this price . Quality and finishing is very good . I was expecting road side shoes sought off. Shocked to see good standard product
- It tore feet two days. Amazon.com didn't replace it as promised, yet. Don't go for it.
- Its not a good shoes because the size changed after I wear it.
- I wasted my money , not even one week i have used it
- defect in size....i received shoe yesterday but shoe is defected.....i ordered size 10 but it will fit for size 11.....defected...
- Product quality is not good. Plastic material, Sole not proper.Smells bad & with socks its too tight on toes.
- The product is OK.. initially the polymer was hard and not easy to fit in but with time, it got ok. It does feel like plastics.
+ Liked the product very much. Almost bought it at the right time when there is heavy down pour in my area. It works good in both dry as well as rainy conditions. Friends have ordered for few more on seeing mine.
- The product is okay. Fitting perfectly when wearing.But, when I remove my foot, the insole is coming off.
+ I ordered the blue one. After receiving, it looks more of a purple not blue as shown in the picture. The quality is good and comfortable to wear. It seems to be durable. Overall a good experience.
+ The make and finishing of the shoe is too good. It fits perfectly for me. I will give a 4 -star for the product. As usaual Amazon's delivery it too good and far better than flipkart. Coming to cons, the color shown in the image was dark blue but what ever I got was like Velvet. 
- It is the worst shoes i wearThe cheap quality of product .The lower band in brown is painted and evenly too.
+ Its Truely Awesome. Exact fit of my foot and quality is much better than i expected.
- cheated to customer only...this product has too poor quality.
+ Fitting is somehow ont upto the mark and its not cpmfortable to wear. Rest all are perfect specially LOOKS n STYLE.
+ This item is completely ordinary one like hospital and industry men wears this rubber Quality sandals or shoes...your untrusted online business company or organization.I will tell about your looting business to my colleagues and peoples about awareness of like you peoples business.
+ Liked the product very much. Almost bought it at the right time when there is heavy down pour in my area. It works good in both dry as well as rainy conditions. Friends have ordered for few more on seeing mine.
- quality is very poor.shoe was not worth able for 499 Rs.
+ Very good selling.
+ the product is really good but regarding the size of ur foot purchase 1 inch bigger than ur foot i.e if ur wearing 7 go for 8 size it is fit
+ The slippers are stylish. I ordered it and got small size (due to my fault), Then i replaced it with the seller.
+ Product is really great as usual. If your feet is 9 inches, order 10 inch. I made a mistake and I ordered 9 inches. Its somewhat small, still its fit! so if your feet in 9 inches long, you have to order 10 and it will be perfect fit.
- Poor very Poor quality even shoe shape also not good... its like Pathetic
- packing was very bad as well product what is shown is different from what i received the entire internal sole was damaged
- these product was waste product which was tored at back side . seriously waste product.
+ Looks wise its jst oosm..bt not comfortable wid ths shoes may b bcas i had an injury in ma fingrs of lag..bt not that much cmfrtable...and whn i wwear shoes 1st tym i saw a nail came out of it which pinch in ma heel aftr this i took thm to cobble to remove that nail.
+ Good Product it is same as shown in the internet. Thank you for quick delivery.
+ Shoes looks very nice. These are perfect on jeans and looks good on formals too. I am a daily walker at least 3-4 km so soles looks like will b last for 4-5 months. Delivery was very perfect. Arrived within 24 hours.. I will leave write more after one month use.
+ It's an important to wr a gud shoe bcoz it reflect our personality. So I buy shoe at regular interval of time n this shoe considering the amount the product is nice. I like it.
+ Value for money. Guys can go for it. Looking cool, good, rich, style. But, a one inche space available after the toe, small draw back, but ok.
+ Factory fresh product..fits exactly the same as given size chart..one should make exact measure of his foot length to get perfect fit.
+ shoes are of beautiful look. size is also fit. soul is somewhat of not so much good material but OK. totally the deal is good.
- Very poor, pathetic quality wasted my money. On the first day i tied my laces and got torned. It havent been one month and its completely torned.
- packing was very bad as well product what is shown is different from what i received the entire internal sole was damaged.
- these product was waste product which was tored at back side . seriously waste product.
- worst product.only paper cardboard inside.can get such items for maximum Rs.150.can't be used even for 1 month.
- This product quality is very poor & tha service is also very bad pls don't bay it .
+ Excellent Product...Stylish & Comfort Shoe.. size was perfectly alright packing was nt so good. a was expected!!
+ nice product andv material was good
- The sandal is small though it is of size 8 just as I ordered. I understand that size varies from company to company but an inch is huge one.
+ Only looks good nothing else is good. Worst quality material used, also doesn't fit.Please try and waste some money on this.
+ Product is good and the delivery is faster than i expected. i had the worth product of my money.
- worst footwear i have ever purchased.
- Item received in time but the item is not as described in the app. Only color combination matches.
- Not good because manufacturing is bery worst. Better to take good lookung shoes in Rs.250 from any local shop.
+ OKKKK PRODUCT..........NICE LOOKING BUT LITTLE DEFECTIVE........PASTING SHOULD BE APPROPRIATELY.
- This product quality and its materials booth are too chip.
- Product quality is very bad.
- Cheap product, quality is cheap. don't buy.
+ The fit was fine but the shoe started tearing near the lace on day one and no option of stitching it through.
- bad quality Shoe, Could not use it for 10 days, Not satisfied with the materiel, Waste of money.
- Very cheep & 3rd class product please don't give this. Thats not suitable for amazon.
- I want to exchange with 7 no. UK size. what is the process for this. Shoe is very nice in looking wise. But it not comfortable in wear.
- Worst quality...you can get better shoes on footpath than this.
+ It is good looking and has perfect fit, however Quality is not upto the mark.
- Very Smelly Shoes. The Material Stink is all over the house.
+ Budget shoe with great finishing but the color is Velvet rather than being Blue as shown in image.
+ the product was on time and the shoe were mind blowing...they were awesome..as i accepted.
+ thanks for sending it earlier and it is fit as i expect it.i am really thankfull for u.may god bless u and ur bussines lasts for long time.again thank u.
- i got second hand.. boots... and i ordered black color... but i got brown instead of black..... nd even these aree not comfortable.
+ Good at price of 278/- I see many stupid people complaining of quality.. Well u need to look what u r paying.. If u want better quality go for higher range instead of complaining.
- I Received the parcel today & it is very unfortunate to say that it is the worst product I have received form amazon.
+ Product is truly worth for money but shipping cost is high.
- I bought a this shoe really a wrost shoes. Plzzz plzzzz don't go for this shoe...its a bad quality really don't buy this shoe.
- The shoe is too looking and stylish.But the quality is very bad.Poor packing.shame on you seller.
- NOT GOOD...AVERAGE SOLE not as that given in image..Poor quality.
- The Synthetic leather has some defects... Moreover size is not as fit
+ Standard product with good quality and value for money.
+ This is really a nice shoe.But somewhat tight.Really better than what it looks in picture.Best shoe at this price.
+ Mast hai boss.....
+ Nice shes great deal best price... Impressed.
+ Good finishing.... Got for a great deal!.... Delivery on time as expected... Color looks as described on Amazon.. Looks cool for parties or casual outings!
+ Bahut Acche Shoes Hai Nice Color Good looking.
- This shoo color is different men's foto you shown but I like this correctness than live.
+ The product is good and reached on time. The quality and size us also perfect.
+ These shoes are good fit, comfortable and stylish but the soles of the shoes are not attached properly with the shoes...They had came off from the sides also risky to wear in rains as soles may come off...
+ Dear Amazon... I received the product today and first time in my life of purchase, have seen a shoe which has been painted black and still sticky when taken out of the box. It was done just to show the shine over the shoes.
- The shoe size says 10 Indian. But when compared to actual Indian size, it's just 9. Not fitting and I actually tried wearing twice to check whether it would expand. Rather my foot got sprained and swollen. Disappointed!!
- just i update to you that product is brooked from bottom within a one month. this product is not good as per expectation.
+ Good finishing.... Got for a great deal!.... Delivery on time as expected... Color looks as described on Amazon.. Looks cool for parties or casual outings!
+ Nice shes great deal best price... Impressed
+ Product delivery time is fully satisfied. It delivered 7 days before the expected date. Fully impressed. I ordered black cool colour but it comes blue cool but its ok this is also gud. Product quality is also gud.
- bakwas quality not buy this shoes after one wash of shoe the will get out
- The quality of this shoe is not good.
- Product sole layer inside has come out and was not properly fixed. We are not happy with the product and had to take a new pair of shoes to cobbler for fixing the sole.
- Worst QUALITY,Worst PRODUCT. dobt buy it, total money waste. Shoes srtrtd to tore within 1 week of delivery. Frst bad experience fem amazon till date.
- quality is good, but it gets expanding after 2 - 3 ware, now its of no use to me as its become very flimsy and i don't get the grip well on my foot.
- Sole is very thin it is suitable for party wear only not for daily use .the product is same as shown In picture.
+ Just start using the product so far it seems satisfactory Product is as described on your site
+ It is nice and comfortable to may leg.and good quality footwear and it is fashionable shoe.footwear a good.it is good to shopping in amazon and great.
- it looks good if you see in the portal. but it looks bad after received one pair. i suggest that dont go with this.
- Its like the road side shoes. Original product was not like image. Image show lighter colour but orignal colour was dark and also not original certificate product was come to me.
+ Best product in this range .I m using this product from last 6 month and still condition of this product is very good.
+ It is nice and comfortable to may leg.and good quality footwear and it is fashionable shoe.footwear a good.it is good to shopping in amazon and great
+ Good Product but I'm using Skullcandy from last one year so little bit disappointed with JBL due to Lower bass then my skullcandy but JBL maintain their product bad     quality and rest of everything is good about my new JBL T-100A.
+ The product is just Ok.Nothing that is worth Rs850. Sony will give you a far better quality for just Rs500.
- Duplicate product. Box did not contain extra piece of ear buds nor carrying pouch which is mentioned on the box.
+ Sound quality is OK decent and it is not very comfortable to wear for even like 30 minutes in a stretch.
- Product is fine for the price but not for long duration use.
- Literally the worst earphones I've ever used. Not what we expect from JBL. Even Skullcandy or even cheaper earphones have a better clarity output than this.
+ A long overdue review of JBL T-100: considering it as an under-priced earphone its pretty built and comforting to the ears.
+ The product is good but AMAZON SHOULD UPDATE ORIGINAL PHOTO OF THE PRODUCT.
- NOT GOOD,this product worked fine for 2 months and boom. One ear bud stopped working.
- Its not the same product as shown in the picture,amazon you let me down.
- Highly dissatisfied with this product, will think twice if I'll purchase any electronic item from Amazon in future.
+ There's no doubt about sounds,it's awesome to hear electro n drum n bass music.
- The sound quality is good as expected,but it looks different that whats shown.
+ On the basis of quality its very gud product.
+ Finishing not that good as looka in the pic,but loks good with Specs.
- Product is good but not up to the marks. Packing was not good. And when I received it , it was like kept in dust and sent me without cleaning it .
+ Makes for a very cute gift, especially for office. The size being small (about 6.5 inches) looks good on a desk.
- Don't buy this.i think it made for only one time use.
+ Shoes were nice ,good to look great comfort.
+ Very very good.fits great.looks great.great comfort.lace is good.mesh all over to pass the air.light weight.
+ Just received the shoes its light weight and very nice. best shoes for running
+ I have started using it.As of now the shoes are doing good. I hope i can give a review after 3 months usage.
+ Extreme light weight comfortable. Would like to appreciate about sole and grip with surface.
- Netted part got damaged in a month and half.. very bad experience, and not to suggest buy products.
- Disappointed. Very poor quality stuff. Unlikely to be genuine adidas brand.
- Came with only 2 pairs inside instead of 3. And the logos seemed weird. One of the pairs was even dirty.
+ It fulfills my expectation, the bass and the audio quality was so good.
- i got this problem...waste of my money to purchase the branded one.
+ I would say Value for money in this range you cant expect better than this. Would recommend in my friends also. You can use it as daily wear.
- Hmmmm wt to say everytime. Bcoz of these shoes i m getting pain in my leg. Not comfortable not perfectly sized.
+ Super look and very good Product.can be used for day to usage
- Finishing not so fine. The shoe looks classy and hardy, in the picture, but in reality, its not even better than the ones you get from Footpath.
+ Very smooth and comfortable. Smooth from inside and looks very nice if wear.
+ Very good delivery & its comfortable to wear. Its same as in the image.
+ Good product..recommend everyone to go for this.. For the price the shoe is really worth.
+ One of the best shoes very comfortable and styles at this price.
+ i would say its really light and comfortable and stylish.
- Bad quality .Not looking like image.I think price is high.
- I brought these shoes looking into the reviews of previous buyers but these are totally not worth it.
- It is Waste product. Showing offer actual price is dummy. Quality is quality less.
- Out look of the head phone is very nice. As it contains zip, bcz of that it's little heavier and not fit to the ear properly.
+ Super quality and excellent design and Sound system is awesome. really it double worthable product.
- Everything is perfect except for the fact that it really hurts when you keep it on for around 30 mins.
- i ordered this Tablet last week. received on 17/02/2016 just using 1hr then charging.
- Battery backup is not good. 2 hour only in 1st day. Screen resolution and camera is not good quality.
- Battery has some issue, otherwise its worth buying. U will get a battery back up of 2 and half hours only, if you watch videos.
+ I ordered this tablet from This seller(Allcall) it is worth buying.The Box was in perfect Condition and the battery back up of the product is very Good.
- This product is really worth of money but few things which will make you really regret 
+ I want smart phone in which I can use internet ,Play video in middle range that can also give fun to my daughter.
- good bt sometimes hug this is not hd display only vga display over all this amount u get this type only.
+ Amazing product.I bought it for my 4 year old son & it works properly.
- Features normal but quality issues
+ Awesome product from iball
- It fell on ground within a week of purchase,and display glass full broke in to pieces.
- Pls don't buy micromax mobiles. Micromax mobiles life time only 1.5 years in my experience
- good tab for low price.
+ I am using these headphones from a long time. I have used lot of headphones but I always end up buying these headphone. 
- Great Sound for this price , But hurts a lot.
- Not so good quality.
- very reasonable in cost yet all the desired features are available.
+ Stylish boots  thanks for the product in such a low price.
- these are not leather shoes!!! its brown comes out like very thin layers when u hit something.. very disappointed.
- I got used product,ear phones are not available in the box,camera is very very very bad,pls don't go through dis product.
+ this is really great product at 2999 price with guard, display sound quality are great, the only problem i observed is average battery.
+ Excellent tab for kids.Permissions and performance really surprised. i did not expect such quality. 
+ Its really so good product for using childs and it can also use everybody.
+ what a greatest tab very nice this tab is very fastest and great rate very good tab for kids buy this and enjoy.
+ Really its a great product in this price. Nicely packed and got all accessories mentioned by site
- Works but the scroll wheel is flimsy and sometimes does'nt work. As for the other buttons, they are good but kind of weak.
- Just got its delivery today. It has got good looks, nice grip and woks fine for my windows 10 laptop. Not bad for the given price!
- i have bought this mouse and believe its chord is very small. you cannot connect it to your desktop. You cannot even replace it.
- Not working as expected, waste of time. Better we go for the branded mouse instead of this low price product.
- I had same mouse of Index brand before thought both are same but this needs a pad or paper to make the pointer move on the screen. Next time go for branded one.
+ It was very useful one and good one for the price it was very useful one. Cost effective.overall my experience is good with this mouse.
+ Its a good product and got delivery on time.A light blinks when u touch the mouse and works very smooth.
- Waste product scroll not working it takes 10 days to deliver.Not worthy to buy.
- Wired Mouse good one handy strong liable smooth faster solid product and i had used this similar.
- Leave about the genuine leather its not even having good quality plastic..getting plastic Tyre smell from the belt.
- Never buy this product,not even to write the review and dumb product at all
- what you see in the picture of belt ,buckle seems too good but when i ordered ,i received a different belt and strange thing was buckle of belt was totally different.
- The quality was not so good. Did not receive the product in time. Had to call customer care to send the second belt.
- Average Product, not like the branded but wearable. Color is good, lets see if it is durable after long time.
- Would have given a zero but it is not there in options . Product is a third grade material send which does not have any resemblance to the pic shown.
+ Got the wallet in time thank you flipkart.coming to the the wallet it is very comfortable,enough space is available to accommodate currencies
+ Just what I wanted , thanks for the free gift wish, keep up the good work best product :)
+ Very nice, I recommend ,just buy ,100% satisfy.
+ Took forever to get here,. They are good looking comfortable shoes.
- A little concerned about the bracelet's durability, but love the bold design, but quality is not as it was in site.
+ Love them if I liked the other colors I'd order more perfect fit.
+ Very nice watch...got very good comments today ...so far love the watch
- Nice watch but the band is cheap.
+ Surprisingly nice for the price! Obviously the band isn't great, but I was pleasantly surprised!
- Very elegant. Looks more for women.
+ Big but nice...does not look cheap like the others I have gotten.
+ Only decent thing I ever received from the garbage app.
- Materials are significantly lower quality but it's worth checking out. I dont expect the shoes to last more then a year. Cheap and pretty fast delivery.
- Definitely not American style so it looks a little weird at first. Not leather obviously but if you're just looking for a shoe for your job that pasts muster this will do the trick. Pretty comfortable
- Wasn't as smooth as I thought.
- Item never arrived.It was just fake they looted money.
+ The watch was fine for the money. Shipper was good in communication and it arrived on a timely manner. Don't really have anything bad to say about this watch.
- No manual, i dont know how to adjust the digital time, anyway it nice watch.
- Never received this order,again they have looted money.
+ This watch looks great, I received many compliments from men who saw the watch, on the first night I wore it. So far keeps time we'll so far. I am going to order another one.
+ Excellent watch but no instructions to program the different functions.
+ This watch is heavier than I imagined but feels of quality, not convinced the clasp is strong enough but over all it's a very good gargain, I'm happy.
+ Showwww, so precisava funcionar os cronômetros.
+ Moms is going too order more!!! She loves the watch. Nice sizes.
+ beautiful watch great prise shipping very fast will order again.
+ Amazing quality for such a low price. Actually pretty impressed with wish.
+ Never received item,they have ask money but never replied.
- came a little late, but it's in good condition.
+ Looks great loads of my work colleagues have asked me t o get them one.
- Came with a broken buckle and bad quality of leather.
+ Arrived quickly, very good quality. you can adjust the size very easy using a screwdriver. I recommend both the item and the seller.
+ Too big, I weigh 185 lbs and stand 6 feet tall. This belt wrapped around my waist 1 and a half times. Needs to be shorter or more holes added.
- Not very pleased with this belt it was too large it doesn't look like leather and the Buckle is bigger than the picture shows very deceiving.
+ Made very well, very nice belt! Would buy again if needed to.
+ Very good quality leather im loving this belt and very stylish for the price i will be buying more in the future
- Bugün teslim aldım. Resimde görüldüğü gibi, ve oldukça yumuşak bir derisi var. Gerçek deri ibaresi yok.
+ This item was great! Looks just like picture, fits my boyfriend perfect, and was delivered fast!!
+ The shoes are awesome and very comfortable. They arrived in a nike box before the arrival time and say nike all over the shoe. Im wearing them today!!
- Never received them well gutted looking forwards to rocking the old school.
- Wrong colour and size I wanted grey but I got blue.
+ I ordered a size 8! You sent me a size 7.5, the shoes are great but it's annoying you couldn't get my order right with the size? How hard is that to do.
+ Works well so far... Just gotta see how long it lasts!
+ Came earlier than expected. Can't wait to use it.
- Doesn't really stay open.. I use these all the time. Not very impressed with this one.
+ I suggested if u looking for cheap and cozy usb mouse. This is very handy and worth for money. 
+ At the Price I got I would say its an excellent buy. 
+ Its a good product and got delivery on time .I liked the product very much one can use it without hesitation . A light blinks when u touch the mouse and works very smooth.
- It has too much hard keys,makes too much noise while typing and playing games.Don't buy this,at least check once in some shop.
+ As i mention Usb wire is of low quality so it won't last long but other than that it works perfctly fine.
+ This is probably the best keyboard in this price segment. It's smooth,sturdy and produces really quality typing. The only thing which can be a very little worrying is it's thin connectivity wire but that's surely can be considered negligible.
+ This is the best basic use keyboard I ever used. The "Quite Keys" makes this keyborad a must buy product. 
- I used this keyboard for over 6 months and finally switched over to a new one. The hardest part is that you type something, it will surely miss out a letter due to poor senstivity of the keys (keys stick when you press them at an angle). I would not recomend this to anyone!!
- After keys became very hard, its irritating now.Unlike other keyboard, this one does not come with any warranty. Even Frontech gives 1 yr warranty on a 300+ keyboard.
+ Simple , comfortable keyboard without trendy media buttons . I brought a Dell keyboard just because our lab computers have it and they are superb .
+ The DELL 104 key USB 2.0 QWERTY Keyboard is a no-nonsense,simple and compact keyboard. With all the very basic keys that every computer user really needs except the useless and rarely used shortcut keys for media,volume control.
+ Amazing services provide by flipkart,On time delivery and good quality original products
